User Stories 


LOGIN / SIGNUP PAGE
1. As a owner I want to log-in to my account so that I can continue looking at my current properties.
GIVEN - The owner has an account and is on the authentication page
WHEN - The owner clicks login button
THEN - The app will display a page to enter login details

2. As a owner I want to log-out of my account so that my account secured can be kept secured.
GIVEN - The owner is logged in and on the settings dashboard
WHEN - The owner clicks logout button
THEN - The owner will return to the authentication page

3. As a owner I want to create an account so that I can use the real estate management system.
GIVEN - The owner is on the authentication page
WHEN - The owner click signup button as owner
THEN - The app will display a page to fill in account details

4. As a owner I want to edit my account so that my outdated details can be changed.
GIVEN - The owner is logged in and on the settings dashboard
WHEN - The owner clicks the edit button
THEN - The dashboard will reload to show editable text fields.

5. As a owner I want to delete my account so that my data can never be compromised.
GIVEN - The owner is logged in and on the settings dashboard
WHEN - The owner clicks the delete account button
THEN - The app will display a message and return to authentication page.

6. As a tenant I want to log-in to my account so that I can see my current vacancy.
GIVEN - The tenant has an account and is on the authentication page
WHEN - The tenant clicks login button
THEN - The app will display a page to enter login details

7. As a tenant I want to log-out of my account so that I can return at a later time.
GIVEN - The tenant is logged in and on the settings dashboard
WHEN - The tenant clicks logout button
THEN - The tenant will return to the authentication page

8. As a tenant I want to create an account so that I can see available vacancies.
GIVEN - The tenant is on the authentication page
WHEN - The tenant click signup button as tenant
THEN - The app will display a page to fill in account details

9. As a tenant I want to edit my account so that I can change an error that was made.
GIVEN - The tenant is logged in and on the settings dashboard
WHEN - The tenant clicks the edit button
THEN - The dashboard will reload to show editable text fields.

10. As a tenant I want to delete my account so that I can use a different management system.
GIVEN - The tenant is logged in and on the settings dashboard
WHEN - The tenant clicks the delete account button
THEN - The app will display a message and return to authentication page.

11. As a tenant I want to change my account to owner so that I can start to manage my properties.
GIVEN - The tenant is logged in and on the settings dashboard
WHEN - The tenant clicks the upgrade account button
THEN - The app will change tenant user into owner


EDIT PROPERTY PAGE
12. As a owner I want to edit the details of my property so that it is not incorrectly listed.
GIVEN - The owner selects a property and is on the property page
WHEN - The owner selects the edit button
THEN - The page will reload to show editable text fields.

13. As a owner I want to delete my listed property so that I remove it from my properties listing. 
GIVEN - The owner selects a property and is on the property page
WHEN - The owner selects the delete property button
THEN - The app will return to the property dashboard 

14. As a owner I want to transfer my property so that I can show change of ownership.
GIVEN - The owner selects a property and is on the property page
WHEN - The owner selects the transfer property button
THEN - The app will display a message and place the property in pending until 	the other owner accepts

15. As a owner I want to assign tenants to my property so that I can see my property as being rented.
GIVEN - The owner selects a property and is on the property page
WHEN - The owner selects the assign tenants button
THEN - The app will show a searchable list of all tenants

16. As a owner I want to remove tenants from my property so that I can see my property as being open.
GIVEN - The owner selects a property and is on the property page
WHEN - The owner selects the remove tenant button
THEN - The property page will reload to show new changes
